NAME
    Dancer::Session::JSON - JSON session backend for Dancer

VERSION
    version 0.001

DESCRIPTION
    This module implements a session engine based on JSON files. Session are
    stored in a *session_dir* as JSON files. The idea behind this module was
    to provide a transparent session storage for the developer.

    This backend is intended to be used in development environments, when
    looking inside a session can be useful.

    It's not recommended to use this session engine in production
    environments.

    Typically you would want to use Dancer::Session::YAML for this, which
    comes in core, but a demand for a faster-but-still-file-based session
    backend arose, and thus you now have JSON. :)

CONFIGURATION
    The setting session should be set to "JSON" in order to use this session
    engine in a Dancer application.

    Files will be stored to the value of the setting "session_dir", whose
    default value is "appdir/sessions".

    Here is an example configuration that use this session engine and stores
    session files in /tmp/dancer-sessions

        session:     "JSON"
        session_dir: "/tmp/dancer-sessions"

SUBROUTINES/METHODS
  init
    Initializes the session backend.

  create
    Creates a new object, runs "flush" and returns the object.

  flush
    Writes the session information to the session dir.

  retrieve
    Retrieves session information from the session dir.

  destroy
    Deletes session information from the session dir.

  reset
    Wipes the sessions directory, forcing a test for existence of the
    sessions directory next time a session is created. It takes no argument.

    This is particulary useful if you want to remove the sessions directory
    on the system where your app is running, but you want this session
    engine to continue to work without having to restart your application.

  json_file
    Fetch the location of a json session file.

SEE ALSO
    Dancer::Session::YAML - the original core development session backend.

    Dancer::Session::Simple - a faster in-memory core session backend.

    Dancer::Session::Cookie - an encrypted cookie session backend, suitable
    for production.

AUTHOR
      Sawyer X <xsawyerx@cpan.org>

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
    This software is copyright (c) 2011 by Sawyer X.

    This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
    the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

